Djblets is a set of utility classes and functions for web applications
written using Django and Python.

This is part of the Review Board project. To report a bug, please use the
Review Board bug tracker at http://www.reviewboard.org/bugs/


Modules
=======

auth
----

Flexible forms for registration processing and other useful forms.


datagrid
--------

Customizable datagrids that represent paginated lists of database objects.
Users can customize the list of columns they list, reorder them, and sort
them. Datagrids take care of all the hard work behind the scenes.


feedview
--------

Views and templates for providing a simple RSS reader. Handles caching the
feeds for quick access.


gravatars
---------

Template tags for inserting gravatars in a page.


log
---

Provides middleware that handles log initialization (with support for
reopening the log file after log rotation). If enabled in settings,
all pages can take a ?profiling=1 parameter that will log both code and SQL
profiling information to a separate log file.


markdown
--------

Utility functions for processing Markdown trees, escaping/unescaping content,
and providing a more WYSIWYG level of rendered output for the given input.


siteconfig
----------

A powerful module for offering dynamic settings configuration in a web UI.
It wraps the Django settings module, stores serialized data in the database,
and loads it into the in-memory settings module. With siteconfig, webapps
can provide rich settings UIs without requiring that the adminsitrator
modify their settings.py.


testing
-------

Helper classes for unit tests. Includes some small classes for testing basic
template tags, and classes for easily integrating Selenium unit tests.


util
----

A collection of various utility functions, template tags, and more.


webapi
------

A rich framework for implementing RESTful APIs in a web application.
Webapps can either provide a complete resource tree through the
WebAPIResource classes, or custom, simplified API handlers using
the basic WebAPIResponse classes.
